Fixed #10929 -- Added default argument to aggregates. (#14026)
django/django: docs/releases/4.0.txt

Models
~~~~~~

* Aggregate functions now support a ``default`` argument that allows specifying

>   a value to be returned when the queryset (or grouping) contains no entries.

Reviewer: Perhaps we can mention what it replaces?

```suggestion
  a value to be returned when the queryset (or grouping) contains no entries, rather than `None`.
```

>   It does thing by wrapping the aggregate and the provided expression with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It does this by wrapping the aggregate and the provided expression with
```

* :class:`~django.db.models.Lookup` expressions may now be used in ``QuerySet``
  annotations, aggregations, and directly in filters.

> * Aggregate functions now support a ``default`` argument that allows specifying
>   a value to be returned when the queryset (or grouping) contains no entries,
>   rather than ``None``. It does this by wrapping the aggregate and the provided
>   expression with :class:`~django.db.models.functions.Coalesce`.

Reviewer 2: The last sentence is not necessary in release notes, I'd also reword it a bit
```suggestion
* The new :ref:`default <aggregate-default>` argument for built-in aggregates
  allows specifying a value to be returned when the queryset (or grouping)
  contains no entries, rather than ``None``.
```

* The ``extra_tests`` argument for :meth:`.DiscoverRunner.build_suite` and
  :meth:`.DiscoverRunner.run_tests` is deprecated.

* The :class:`~django.contrib.postgres.aggregates.ArrayAgg`,
  :class:`~django.contrib.postgres.aggregates.JSONBAgg`, and
  :class:`~django.contrib.postgres.aggregates.StringAgg` aggregates will return

>   ``None`` when there are no rows instead of ``[]``, ``[]``, and ``''``

Reviewer 2: I changed `'[]'` to `[]` because `JSONBAgg` doesn't return strings.
